Source: https://html.spec.whatwg.org/multipage/interaction.html#input-modalities:-the-enterkeyhint-attribute

------------ INPUTMODE ------------ 

<input type="text" inputmode="email" />

Keyword	Description
none	The user agent should not display a virtual keyboard. This keyword is useful for content that renders its own keyboard control.
text	The user agent should display a virtual keyboard capable of text input in the user's locale.
tel	The user agent should display a virtual keyboard capable of telephone number input. This should including keys for the digits 0 to 9, the "#" character, and the "*" character. In some locales, this can also include alphabetic mnemonic labels (e.g., in the US, the key labeled "2" is historically also labeled with the letters A, B, and C).
url	The user agent should display a virtual keyboard capable of text input in the user's locale, with keys for aiding in the input of URLs, such as that for the "/" and "." characters and for quick input of strings commonly found in domain names such as "www." or ".com".
email	The user agent should display a virtual keyboard capable of text input in the user's locale, with keys for aiding in the input of e-mail addresses, such as that for the "@" character and the "." character.
numeric	The user agent should display a virtual keyboard capable of numeric input. This keyword is useful for PIN entry.
decimal	The user agent should display a virtual keyboard capable of fractional numeric input. Numeric keys and the format separator for the locale should be shown.
search	The user agent should display a virtual keyboard optimized for search.

------------ ENTERKEYHINT ------------


Keyword	Description
enter	The user agent should present a cue for the operation 'enter', typically inserting a new line.
done	The user agent should present a cue for the operation 'done', typically meaning there is nothing more to input and the input method editor (IME) will be closed.
go	The user agent should present a cue for the operation 'go', typically meaning to take the user to the target of the text they typed.
next	The user agent should present a cue for the operation 'next', typically taking the user to the next field that will accept text.
previous	The user agent should present a cue for the operation 'previous', typically taking the user to the previous field that will accept text.
search	The user agent should present a cue for the operation 'search', typically taking the user to the results of searching for the text they have typed.
send	The user agent should present a cue for the operation 'send', typically delivering the text to its target.
